Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Shut up!
- It's a bother to everyone.
- I'm sorry!
- If you're his mother. shut him up!
Enough already!
What were you thinking riding
a packed train with a baby to begin with?
Don't you feel bad for him?
- Yes. hello?
- You finally picked up! Where are you now?
On my way to my part-time job.
Why do you ask?
- Come to the hospital.
- What happened?
I'm pregnant.
What?
- I'm sorry!
- What?
It's nothing.
Even though we decided to break up...
What are we going to do?
You can't decide. can you?
I always said "I don't know"...
...when the topic of children came up...
...is what the doctor said.
So I decided to call you.
- Are you listening?
- Yes.
What are we going to do?
Are you okay?
I'm fine!
Where's the hospital?
I'll ask for today off from work.
- You don't have to force yourself to come!
- I'm not forcing myself!
I...
...already made a decision.
What did you decide?
...always... right?
...like when...
Sorry! I can't hear you!
Hello?
Hello...?
- The reception is poor here!
- ...hear me?
Hello?
CALL ENDED
No reception...
ID PHOTO BOOTH
What?
Who is that...
Damn it!
Not this way.
Exit 0...
ELECTRIC ROOM
It's not working!
It won't open!
Damn it!
MAURITS ESCHER EXHIBITION
FROM 18TH AUGUST UNTIL 8TH NOVEMBER
Huh...
It changed.
"Information"?
"Do not overlook any anomalies."
"If you find an anomaly. turn back immediately."
"If you don’t find any anomalies. do not turn back."
"Go out from Exit 8."
"Do not overlook any anomalies."
"If you find an anomaly. turn back immediately."
"If you don’t find any anomalies. do not turn back."
"Go out from Exit 8."
Do not overlook any anomalies.
If you find an anomaly. turn back immediately.
If you don’t find any anomalies. do not turn back.
Go out from Exit 8.
Anomalies?
The blood was an anomaly.
Excuse me. where is Exit 8?
Anomalies...
What are...
Why?
"Do not overlook any anomalies."
Anomalies.
I need to look for anomalies!
Anomalies...
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Middle-aged man.
Beauty clinic.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway etiquette.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door. Door.
Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation.
The other side.
Okay.
Lockers.
Blanket.
Photos for IDs.
It went up!
Okay!
With this...
What?
Why?
Why!
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Middle-aged man.
Beauty clinic...
Anomaly.
I'm going back.
Exit 2.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Beauty clinic.
Middle-aged man.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway etiquette.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door. Door.
Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation.
Okay.
No anomalies.
Three.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Middle-aged man.
Judicial scrivener.
Beauty clinic.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway etiquette.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door. Door.
Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation.
Okay. No anomalies.
BEAUTY CLINIC
"THE EIGHT CLOUDS"
Where is it?
HIGH-PAID PART-TIME JOB
MAID CAFÉ "STRAWBERRY MILK"
WHAT? ARE YOU OKAY?
ALL ABOUT SUBWAY ETIQUETTE.
Found it.
Four more.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Beauty clinic.
Middle-aged man.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway etiquette.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door.
Door.
Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation.
Okay.
Lockers.
One. two. three. One. two. three. One. two.
three. One. two. three. One. two. three...
Blanket. Cup.
Photos for IDs.
Okay. No anomalies.
Okay.
Three more.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Middle-aged man.
Okay.
Beauty clinic.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway etiquette.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door.
Vent...
Anomaly?
Door. Ventilation.
Hello?
Finally I got through!
Where are you now?
Where... I wonder that too...
Still in the subway.
The subway?
Yes.
I'm going around in circles.
I can't get out of the station.
As always. your sense of direction is poor!
I'm coming immediately!
What is it?
I...
...can't decide.
What?
I can't decide.
What should I do?
I've been wondering that too.
Yes.
Today...
While riding the subway...
...there was a mother.
holding a crying baby.
There was a guy screaming at her.
But...
Nobody came to her help!
Everyone was just looking at their phone!
The baby was crying the whole time!
And yet...
I pretended not to see that...
And got off the train.
Just like everyone.
Can someone like that...
...really become a father.
I want to get out of here!
I'm waiting for you.
I'll find the exit and come to you.
It's okay...
Anomaly.
What?
Zero?
"Do not overlook any anomalies."
"If you find an anomaly. turn back immediately."
But I did turn back...
What?
It's not an anomaly?
Are you lost?
Are you alone?
There's no one with you?
That...
...is no longer human.
Yes!
We did it!
Come!
Come on!
Eight. Ventilation.
Electric room.
Okay! Ventilation
Okay.
Staff only.
Terminal test valve.
Fire hydrant.
Okay.
Posters.
One. two. three. four.
Five. six. seven. Okay.
Lockers.
One. two. three. four. five. six.
seven. eight. nine. ten. eleven. twelve...
Trash.
Photos for IDs.
Well? Did you notice anything?
Hey!
Did you notice anything?
If you don't speak. I can't understand you.
I'm sorry.
It's scary. isn't it?
Come on.
Okay.
Okay. okay. okay. Okay!
Yes!
Come!
Eight.
Ventilation.
Electric room. Okay!
Posters. Shall we count together?
One. Two. Three.
If you notice anything. tell me. okay?
Five.
By any chance...
...are you lost?
What...
Yes...
I can't find the way out either.
If it's okay with you...
...can I join you?
Oh. yes.
Of course!
This boy. just like us two.
seems to be lost too.
- That's true.
- Yes.
I wonder where we are. right?
Me too.
Could it be...
...that we're dead?
- What?
Are we in hell?
Are we in purgatory?
Like. we've done something bad
and that's why we can't go out?
What? Hell?
Is there anything you feel guilt about?
When you say 'guilt'...
I'm joking. man!
Any direction you walk.
this is a simple subterranean corridor!
Let's go.
Come on!
Did you notice anything?
Every time...
From the opposite direction.
a person comes this way. right?
A man.
- A middle-aged man.
- A middle-aged man?
That guy seems dangerous?
What?
Is he not coming this time?
- But...
- That's an anomaly. right?
Well...
I...
Hey...
Do you really want to go back?
I'm sorry?
Isn't it better to stay here?
Every day you ride the packed train.
go to work...
...you repeat the same thing all over.
That resembles hell more than this!
I pity you!
You pity me?
Every day you ride the packed train.
go to work...
...you repeat the same thing all over.
That resembles hell more than this!
I pity you!
H-Hold on...
Every day you ride the packed train.
go to work...
...you repeat the same thing all over.
That resembles hel...
What?
What's wrong?
Hey!
Are you okay?
What?
Hey!
Are you okay?
What happened?
What?
I pity you!
Every day you ride the packed train.
go to work...
...you repeat the same thing all over.
That resembles hell more than this!
- I pity you!
- What happened to her?
...go to work. you repeat
the same thing all over.
That resembles hell more than this!
- I pity you!
- Wait. it's an anomaly!
Anomaly!
Come on!
Every day you ride the packed train.
go to work...
...you repeat the same thing. That...
Who was that?
Six.
Come on.
Two more.
Eight.
Ventilation.
Electric room. Okay!
Posters. One. two.
Three. four. five.
Monster.
Five. six. seven.
There weren't any. right?
I didn't miss anything. right?
If we miss something.
we'll never get out of here!
What? Did you see something?
Are you still scared?
It's okay!
Come on. let's go!
Come on!
Lockers. One. two. three.
four. five. six. seven. eight...
Trash.
Photos for IDs.
No anomalies! Okay!
Why didn't I pay attention!
What kind of information is this!?
Damn sign!
I need to hurry!
Today I was supposed to see my son.
who I hadn't seen in a while!
Why?!
I'm sorry.
Are you coming?
Okay. okay.
Come on! Eight more.
Eight more.
What?
The outside!
Okay! Okay!
We're getting out!
Look. we're getting out!
Come on!
Come.
It's not my fault!
Anomaly.
It's not an anomaly?
What?
Are you lost?
Are you alone?
There's no one with you?
That is...
...no longer human.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door.
Ventilation. Door.
Ventilation.
No anomalies.
Are you not coming?
One. two. three. One. two. three.
One. two. three. One. two. three...
Blanket. Cup.
Photos for IDs.
No anomalies.
Zero...
We start over.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Middle-aged man.
Beauty clinic.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway etiquette.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door.
Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation.
That...
...looks...
...different.
It's an anomaly.
Wait! It's an anomaly.
Oh. come on!
Now we have to start over again!
What?
Come on.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Middle-aged man.
Beauty clinic.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway etiquette.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door.
Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation. Okay.
No anomalies.
Are you not coming?
STAFF ONLY
It's an anomaly.
Let's go back.
Come on!
Okay.
Exit...
What?
Mommy!
My phone...
Come on.
Okay.
Three.
What? You?
- Mom?
- Excuse me?
Mom. I'm sorry...
What are you saying?
"Mom"?
- Mom!
- Wait. No! No!
- That's not your mother!
- Mom! Mom!
- Let me go!
- No. That's fake!
Mom! Mom!
- Let's go back!
- Mom!
Mom! Mom!
Mom...
What are we going to do?
Are you okay?
Did you get lost from your mother.
On purpose...
What?
I got lost...
...on purpose.
Why?
I wanted mom to look for me.
Really?
I've done that too.
Is your mom scary?
When she's angry. she's scary.
Well...
I guess all moms are like that.
And your dad?
I've never met him.
I see.
I'm the same.
Let's get you back to your mom.
I need to go back as well.
Okay. Let's go!
Exit 8.
Upside down.
You're right. it's upside down.
Let's go back.
Three more.
- Exit 8.
- Okay!
Dentist.
Escher.
- Judicial scrivener.
- Middle-aged man.
Beauty clinic.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway...
Hey.
If we get out of here. what will you do?
Pizza.
Pizza?
I want to eat one
topped with loads of cheese!
Sounds good!
I'm...
...not sure what I want to do anymore.
It's pretty.
It's for you.
What?
A charm.
A charm?
Thanks.
Come on.
Two more.
Exit 8.
- Okay.
Dentist.
Escher.
- Judicial scrivener.
- Middle-aged man.
Okay.
Beauty clinic.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway etiquette.
Security camera.
- Okay.
Fire hydrant. Door.
Doo...
Come here!
He's completely wet!
Indeed he is.
Dad?
What are you doing to do?
What?
He's calling for you.
Pull yourself together. dad!
- You know. sometimes...
- Yes?
I'm not sure...
...if I'm doing the right thing.
Nobody knows what the right thing to do is.
But everything will be fine.
Because you protect him.
And some day...
...he'll protect you.
Mom.
What is it?
It's pretty isn't it?
Keep it as a charm.
Dad. it's a charm!
Dad. this hurts.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Okay! Want to play? Come on!
Careful! Run!
You're okay.
One more.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Middle-aged man.
Beauty clinic.
High-paid part-time job.
All about subway etiquette.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door.
Door. Ventilation. Door.
Ventilation.
Lockers. One. two. three. One. two. three
One. two. three. One. two. three...
Blanket. Cup.
Photos for IDs.
No anomalies.
What?
Okay.
Hello?
Hello.
Where are you now?
Still in the hospital.
I'm coming to you now.
What are we going to do?
Yes.
I'm coming immediately.
Shut up!
- It's a bother to everyone.
- I'm sorry!
- If you're his mother. shut him up!
Enough already!
What were you thinking riding
a packed train with a baby to begin with?
Don't you feel bad for him?
Why are you looking at me like that?
Am I at fault here!?
Subtitles Provided by: fisky
Verified & Edited by: Muzzy-chan
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm